{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red57\green57\blue57;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14780\viewh13000\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Lee Lawrence\
29 Lathro Park\
Kinross\
KY13 8RU\
\
30/10/2016\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Inoapps\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \cb3 The Farmhouse\
Oracle Corporation UK Ltd\
Blackness Road \
Springfield\
Linlithgow West Lothian \
EH49 7LR\
\
Dear\'85\'85\
\

\b \ul Re: Business Analyst Role\
\

\b0 \ulnone I have been passed the information regarding the Business Analyst role that you are currently recruiting for.\
\
Having read through the details, I am very interested in this role and would like to be considered for it.\
\
For over 20 years, I have been providing IT solutions for a number of companies both as an employee and as a contractor. These have included Hydro Electric, Scottish Water (18 month contract) and latterly, VELUX Company Limited.  During my time with these companies, I identified  a number of areas where systems could assist the day to day operations and subsequently created the applications to do this. \
\
I was initially employed by VELUX for 3 months in order to build a CRM system which would bring together a number of disparate systems into one - this included linking into their SAP order system, brochure request processing and historical customer contact information. On completion of that first application, I was taken on full time to look at other areas of the business. My next project was to create a \'91Customer 1st\'92 application which dealt with Lean principles. This was for the operations department who were originally recording details of each customer phone call by writing the information on paper. At the end of the day, this information was added to an excel spreadsheet which each operator sent to the manager for consolidation.\
\
I created a backend database for this and a small front end executable which sat on the user\'92s desktop. This application provided the user  pre created choices which would change depending on what was selected. This allowed the managers to easily identify areas that needed changing to enhance the customer experience which would have been impossible using  spreadsheets.\
\
More recently, I designed and created a resourcing application that controlled what jobs the staff would be doing on a day to day basis. This system incorporated a break control system which made sure only one or two people in each team  could be away from their desks at the same time (this was controlled by a small application on the user\'92s desktop that would check if the permitted number had been reached) The information from this application was also displayed on a large screen in the call centre to show the movement of all staff.  
\b \ul \

\b0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \
Other applications created included knowledge bases, holiday booking systems, sickness recording systems and  technical configurator system which would create a shopping basket based on different specifications of roofing products selected. \
\
For all of these systems, I basically ran the whole project. This included initial \'91customer\'92  discussions, creating the specifications, building the system, testing, installation, configuration, training and ongoing support.\
\
For a number of these systems, it was necessary to extract data from older systems to import it into the new solution. This would have included creating css and tab delimited files, excel spreadsheet data and exports from SQL database systems.\
\
With the skills I have learnt on the Codeclan course, combined with my previous knowledge and experience, I feel that this position would very much suit my skills.
\f1\fs24 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26 \cf4 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
}